MS excel Notes.
1:How you can open the ms excel
  i: using search bar.
  ii: run Command and write excell and then press ok


Select The Blank document..
--Ribbion (Collection of Multibple tab's Groups 

Below of it is: Name box and then Formula bar.

each box is call (cell) in excell

There Are three methods for zoom:
1: IN LAst Rigth Corner There is option of + and -.
2: ALT+V and then you will see popup and then click on  Z . and the you will see another box you can set your zoom.
3:Control+mouseInword or Out Word


--Total How many rows and column are exist ?
For columns: control+rightArrow (you will reach last cell and same for left arrow you reach first column)  (16384)
for Rows   : Control+downArrow 1048576  (10lac 48 thousand 5 hundred 76) rows we can add




--A, B, C represents columns 
jab b hum kisi b column par cell ko drag kary gai to name box batae ga c4 mtlb c kai column mai ho tum aur row 4rth mai .



Note That : in msexcel for all formulas you must have to write down the equal sign(=) first.

--so 
	write on any cell =20+10 and then enter it will show 30 
        and us kai saamny he tum direct kisi aur cell par 30 likh lo .


now the difference is that jab b tum formula waly cell par jaha tum nai addition use ki to phr 
tum asaani sai formula bar mai wahi addition wali operation dekh sako gai .

but jo side waly mai direct 30 likha waha formula bar mai khuch nh hoga show .



--Note neechy sai hum + symbol ko click kar kai aur b sheets add kar sakty hain.

	--Shift+(fn)F11 sai hum right kai taraf sheets add hongi..


--we can also change the color of name of sheet1(tabs) just right click and select tabcolor and then assing any color 
 -- and we can also protect our sheet .
 just click on tab sheet and then select protect sheet, you can assign any password etc


MS-Excell Basic Formula's..!!

Note: Excell mai 2 types kai formula's hoty hain ..
1:Pre Defined..(functions)
2:Formula(jo hum khud likhty hain)


Let's Learn First ...
addition(+)..
write on any cell 10 and other cell 30 then control hold kar kai phr us us cell ko click kary aap taaki

jo particular cell ap add karna chao wo add ho jae ga but last mai enter click karna hai..

same for subtraction and Multiplication and division  !!(-)  (+) (*) (/)

NOte Hum cell kai andar b multiply ya divide kar sakty hain..
like this (=1000/10)



and for square root !


=Sqrt16 and then Enter Click karo..


now for power ..
=power(10,2)
























